Penrose Virtual Directory
Copyright 2009 Red Hat, Inc.

All code contained in Penrose Virtual Directory for which copyright
is held by Red Hat (and/or its affiliates) is licensed under the GNU
General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 2 of the license or (at your option) any later
version.  See the file LICENSE.txt.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED AND LICENSED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. Red Hat does not warrant that the software functionality
will meet your requirements or that the operation of the software
will be entirely error free, appear precisely as described in the
accompanying documentation, or comply with regulatory requirements.

Penrose Virtual Directory contains code copyrighted by other parties
and governed by other licenses.  Some such code is governed by
licenses incompatible with the GNU GPL (such code, and any
derivative work of such code to the extent that it is licensed under
the same license as the original version, are referred to herein
collectively as "GPL-Incompatible Code").  As a special exception to
the GNU GPL, Red Hat gives you permission to combine and distribute
its GPL-licensed code in Penrose Virtual Directory (or derivative
works thereof) with GPL-Incompatible Code, provided that you make
available the sources of GPL-Incompatible Code, under the license
applicable to that GPL-Incompatible Code, when and as the GNU GPL
requires distribution of source code.

If you make a modified version of Penrose Virtual Directory, you are
not obligated to grant this special exception for your modified
version; it is your choice whether to do so. The GNU GPL gives
permission to release a modified version without this exception;
this exception also makes it possible to release a modified version
which carries forward this exception.